Waking up early in the morning to go to your 7 am class can be a pain. You would rather stay in bed and listen to the latest hits on your top notch Bluetooth headphones. But, do you realize that education can play a major role in your quest to achieve your dreams in life? The following are examples of the good things that going to school can offer:

Learn basic skills
School provides an environment where we can learn a lot of basic skills. Children as young as three years old are taught how to read and write at their preschools. They start to learn the alphabet, numbers, and even do some simple arithmetic problems. They also get the chance to practice their drawing, building, problem solving, and cognitive skills.

Gain knowledge
The world has an abundance of knowledge and information. In school, we study different subjects that cover history, biology, arts, literature, math, physics, physical education, geography, and many more. This should help us become aware of the hard work and efforts of our ancestors, the struggles of people from centuries ago, all the wars and battles that shaped our country, the beauty and intricacies of science and technology, and so on.

Develop your talents
If you have an interest that you want to be really good at, you need a place where you can harness it effectively. Schools around the world have student clubs that focus on particular hobbies and interests for students who would like to delve deeper into their chosen sport or pastime. For those who are into football or basketball, they can join their school’s football or basketball teams to be able to practice with like-minded individuals. For those who love books, they should start a book club to find other bookworms to discuss classics with.

Learn from experts
Teachers play a key role in any student’s life. They are like the children’s second parents, adults who are there to supervise when they are not at home. They are knowledgeable on a lot of things, and they should be able to impart a wide array of information and wisdom on specific subject matters, as well as life in general.

Meet friends
School is much more fun if you have friends to hang out with. These people share the same interests as you, have lunch with your, laugh with you, study with you, walk home with you, and they are there to help you out if you are having trouble with academics or life.